Solution:
Monoalphabetic substitution.
Must be brute forced, but there's enough text to accomplish this easily.
Determining this is the solution will likely take a little time, so I don't want to give any hints at all.
The only hint is to tell them how to break it. Here's the plaintext:
`For years I've worked on making challenging puzzles. Sadly, most cryptic puzzles are solved by looking at Google. This makes it really hard to get a good crypto puzzle. I have decided to go to the old books and use an monoalphabetic cipher. Before I get too far, the keyword you're seeking would the be the sum of eighty-four times twenty-four. Write it out in letters, as I've done. Going back to what I was talking about, wait -- writing about, I liked how Crypt and Casey showed everyone pigpen. That's something I've used on puzzles in the past because it's very hard to google for a pigpen tool. I've taught pigpen to my children and we'll sometimes write messages encoded in pigpen on church programs and pass them back and forth to one another. I'll probably use pigpen again in future puzzles. In fact, plan on it. If you can't tell, I'm trying to write enough text that you can perform a frequency analysis on it and since you will obviously see who wrote the puzzle, you'll try vigenere with no success. You'll grow frustrated, hopefully trying other mainstays I like to use (foursquare, ceasar, atbash, etc.) and hopefully you'll begin to deduce that I'm using an monoalphabetic cipher. But there won't be a hint for the alphabet I'm using as the key, so you'll have to do some good old letter substitution brute forcing. It's how I've been able to solve some cryptographic puzzles when I was in a pinch. Sadly, there's no tool I've been able to find that solves them lickity-split, so I wish you luck. This is not to say that there are no tools, but I'll leave you to find them on your own. Bon Fortuna! (I wanted to wish you best of luck, but good luck (two four-character words) at the end of a big challenge text is too obvious.)`

I solved this one using an cryptoquip solver here: http://quipqiup.com/index.php
Just copy/paste the text and select the "Trust Spaces" option.
The first result should be the plaintext.
