# Double Jeopardy #

## DESCRIPTION ##

CASE:

This is a missing persons case.  Stephanie has been missing for several days.
No one seems to know what happened to her.  Her fellow employees have absolutely
no idea where she went, or what she has been doing.  No one seems to have spoken
her since the 29th of December.

Find out what happened to Stephanie.

The image you have is a copy of Stephanie's home folder from her computer.

The key you are looking for are the MD5 hashes of two "smoking guns" that prove what happened to Stephanie (appended together).

http://play.hackerschallenge.org/stephanie.dd.001

## WALKTHROUGH ##

(by voldemortensen)

First, I mounted the partition in autopsy to take a look at what was on the partition. I noticed that there were some emails that mentioned Stephanie finding some interesting info about two co-workers. In these emails I noted that there was a "shared" password between Stephanie and her friend Kim. I knew to keep an eye out for that. I kept poking around and found a "pcap" file that had the output of a keylogger that had a password in it. This wasn't the shared password, but it was used to unzip another important file.

After poking some more I found "letter.zip" that was password protected. The password from the keylogger output opened this zip. The letter said that the co-workers were aliens and that Stephanie was going in and might not make it back. Awesome, one of the files was found.

I spent a lot of time going down rabbit holes. I noticed there were some voicemails available. Opening the files resulted in some garbage audio. I spent a few hours manually fixing them by using Audacity to import the raw data and offset the bytes. Unfortunately, the voicemails gave nothing.

After several hours of head smashing, I decided to just manually look through *everything*. I ran `xxd` on the entire dd image and starting searching for things like "password", "pass", etc. Nothing worked. Finally I started searching through "Kim" and found this.

```
0c7feff0: 0000 0000 0000 0000 0000 0000 0000 0000  ................
0c7ff000: 0000 0000 0000 6e69 650a 4d79 2050 6173  ......nie.My Pas
0c7ff010: 7377 6f72 6473 0000 0000 0000 0000 0000  swords..........
0c7ff020: 0000 0000 0000 0000 0000 0000 0000 0000  ................
0c7ff030: 0000 0000 0000 0053 6861 7265 6420 5061  .......Shared Pa
0c7ff040: 7373 776f 7264 2077 6974 6820 4b69 6d3a  ssword with Kim:
0c7ff050: 2041 6c6c 596f 7572 5341 494e 5453 4265   AllYourSAINTSBe
0c7ff060: 6c6f 6e67 546f 5553 210a 200a 456d 6169  longToUS!. .Emai
0c7ff070: 6c20 5061 7373 776f 7264 3a20 5341 494e  l Password: SAIN
0c7ff080: 5468 3030 6400 0000 0000 0000 0000 0000  Th00d...........
0c7ff090: 0000 0000 0000 0000 0000 0000 0000 0000  ................
0c7ff0a0: 0000 0000 0000 0000 0000 5341 494e 5443  ..........SAINTC
0c7ff0b0: 4f4e 2050 6173 7377 6f72 643a 2054 4648  ON Password: TFH
0c7ff0c0: 5452 756c 6500 0000 0000 0000 0000 0000  TRule...........
0c7ff0d0: 0000 0000 0000 0000 0000 0000 0000 0000  ................
```

Bingo.

(Alternatively, running strings on the dumb thing would've been easier and probably should've been the first thing most people did. Oh well.)

```
voldemortensen@horcrux - Downloads$ strings stephanie.dd.001 | tail -7
Copyright 2017 Jeremy Cox www.supertechguy.com
This work is licensed under a Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International License.
=================================================================================
My Passwords
Shared Password with Kim: AllYourSAINTSBelongToUS!
Email Password: SAINTh00d
SAINTCON Password: TFHTRule
```

Right there waiting to be found.

This password was used to unzip "photo.zip" which contained a photo of a UFO. The key was generated by combining the md5 sums of letter.txt and photo_37.zip.
